hec warning and increased default for max_records (#5738)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/5738.bugfix.rst

> Increased the default amount of records returned from HEC to 500 from 10.
> Will emit a user warning if the default value is used and the returned results are the same length.

Author: ```suggestion
Increased the default maximum amount of records returned from HEC to 500 from 10.
If the maximum number of records are returned, a message is shown.
```
